[Music]
you've got questions kid
I get it I need you to get back in the
car please this isn't real have you
figured this out yet you can't die get
up can you please not do that again I
have the new one and she's sad me so I
think she has potential
so how old are you we met in the
Crusades the Crusades we killed each
other
maybe time we fought thousands of
battles side by side so we've really
never died I think that lives lives
forever one day your wounds just don't
heal up anymore we don't know when
there's a lot to understand just because
we keep living doesn't mean you stop
hurting
you've seen my research now you know
that for real I need one of them
compromised individuals extremely
resistant to capture we stop Marik here
and now or he never stops coming after
us
everyone's still with me yeah Joe I'm
very pissed off then let's go to work
I can't do this I got people that love
me everyone around you it's cold it's
gonna die you will lose every watch this
you've ever loved
you're one of us now
always together you okay oh yeah I'm
fine she just hurts actually everything
hurts
[Music]